# CS-340-SNHU
### This repository includes work done for CS 340: Client/Server Development
#### How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
When it comes to creating programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable, the biggest focus should be modularity. An example of modularity in this course would be how the CRUD module used in Project One and Project Two was easily transferable between different assignments. This module can also be used in the future with any program that requires create, read, update, and delete functions. The biggest advantage of working in this way is how much time and effort it saves when developing programs.

#### How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
Whenever I approach a problem as a computer scientist, the first thing I do is break the problem or goal down into multiple steps or phases. I do this by using critical thinking and analysis skills. I then work through one step/phase at a time to fix the problem/achieve the desired goal. With this course specifically, this ties back into working modularly, which proved to be an easy and time-effective way of completing projects on time and reaching the desired end product. In the future, I plan on continuing to use this strategy when it comes to creating databases to meet other client requests.

#### What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do its work better?
Computer scientists are problem solvers. When they are presented with a problem, they use critical thinking and analysis to interpret the problem and provide a solution for it. Due to this, computer scientists play an important role in today's society as they make things more efficient and cost-effective for corporations, communities, and everyday people. My work on this type of project can help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, do its work better as it provides an easy-to-use tool to search and display desired information in an efficient and cost-effective way.
